location/index.md, before:

---
layout: location
title: Location
---

The conference takes place on the campus of the University of Liverpool.

## Reaching Liverpool

### Trains
We encourage you to consider taking the train!

Liverpool is just 2 hours 20 minutes from London.

Liverpool Lime street is the main station in Liverpool, and is just 15-20 minute walk to the campus (up a slight hill).

Liverpool Central station is the hub for the metro network for local commuters; Liverpool Lime street is typically the station you need.

### Airports

- Liverpool: You can take buses 500, 86, 80A and 82A to Liverpool city centre (500 being the fastest). Alternatively you can take a bus to Liverpool South Parkway and take the <a href="https://www.merseyrail.org/">Merseyrail</a> service to Liverpool Central.
- Manchester: A train service runs between Manchester Airport and Liverpool Lime Street station. There is also a <a href="nationalexpress.com"> direct coach service</a> which takes about 1 hour.

### Parking 

We encourage taking public transport wherever possible, parking is limited. The closest car park is Paddington Village car park.

### The campus 

The campus is easily reached from the city centre, the station and many hotels on foot.

The conference will be held in the Central Teaching Hub.

Commit message:

folding nav for subnav which is independent, but shows the current thing

location/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Location
---

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">

## Reaching Liverpool

### Trains
We encourage you to consider taking the train!

Liverpool is exceptionally well-connected and easy to reach by train from major cities and airports across the UK. From Manchester, it’s just over half an hour away, and Manchester Airport can be reached in around 1 hour 20 minutes. Birmingham is also conveniently close, with journeys from both the city centre and the airport typically taking under two hours. And from London, fast direct trains make the trip in around two hours fifteen minutes (itself reachable from Paris and Brussels in a little over two hours).

Liverpool Lime Street is the main station in Liverpool (Liverpool Central is the local metro network hub only).



### Airports

Liverpool is well connected to two international airports in easy reach.

- Liverpool John Lennon Airport has regular flights between key European cities. Connects to the city by bus.
- Manchester is a major international airport, with connections accross Europe, North America and Asia. Connects to Liverpool by train or coach.

Liverpool can also be reached by train from Birmingham airport or from London airports, although the connection time will be longer.

### Parking 

We encourage taking public transport wherever possible, parking is limited. The closest car park is Paddington Village car park.

</div>
    <div class="col-md-6" markdown="1">
## In Liverpool

### Getting around

The conference will be held on the campus of the University of Liverpool. The campus is easily reached from the city centre, the station and many hotels on foot (and also by bus). 

### Where to stay

We'll provide suggested accommodation in due course.
</div>
</div>
